packages/datagraphic/README.md, before:

# @graph-paper/datagraphic

_FIXME: fill out more of this doc_

The main parent component for data graphic generation.

## Props for `<DataGraphic />`

- `xType` (string, default `linear`) the type of x axis scale.
- `yType` (string, default `linear`) the type of y axis scale.
- `width` (number) the width of the graph in pixels. If omitted, the data graphic will inflate to take up the width of the parent of `DataGraphic`.
- `height` (number, default `300`) the height of the graph in pixels. If omitted, will default to 300. If passed in a value of `null`, the data graphic will inflate to take up the height of the parent of `DataGraphic`.
- `left` / `right` / `top` / `bottom` (number) the padding between the edge and the plot body, in pixels
- `xMin` / `xMax` (number) the x-axis min and max
- `xDomain` (array of two numbers) an array that contains the min and max. If omitted, will be generated from the children of `DataGraphic`. If `xMin` or `xMax` are specified, these individually take precedence over their respective values in `xDomain`.
- `yMin` / `yMax` (number, optional) the y-axis min and max
- `yDomain` (array of two numbers) an array that contains the min and max of the y axis. If omitted, will be generated from the children of `DataGraphic`. If `yMin` or `yMax` are specified, these individually take precedence over their respective values in `yDomain`.
- `hoverValue` _FILL IN_ used primarily with `bind`
- `dataGraphicMounted` _FILL IN_ used primarily with `bind`

- `border` - (boolean, default `false`) draw all the graphic borders, which delineate the plot area from the margins. Render an individual border with `leftBorder`, `rightBorder`, `topBorder`, and `bottomBorder`.
- `borderSize` - (number, default 1) the thickness of the borders. Change a side's border sizing with `leftBorderSize`, `rightBorderSize`, `topBorderSize`, and `bottomBorderSize`. Requires `border` to be `true`.
- `borderColor` - (string, default `var(--cool-gray-200)`) the color of the borders. Change a side's border color with `leftBorderColor`, `rightBorderColor`, `topBorderColor`, and `bottomBorderColor`. Requires `border` to be `true`.
- `borderOpacity` - (string, default `var(--cool-gray-200)`) the opacity of the borders. Change a side's border opacity with `leftBorderOpacity`, `rightBorderOpacity`, `topBorderOpacity`, and `bottomBorderOpacity`. Requires `border` to be `true`.

## Slots

All slots in `DataGraphic` fit within the SVG element, best utilized through `g` tags, eg `<g slot="body">...</g>`. These slots constitute the fundamental layers of a data graphic. They render in this order:

- `body-background` a background layer clipped to the graphic body
- `background` a background layer not clipped to the graphic body
- `body` the main layer, clipped to the graphic body area
- the unnamed slot
- `mouseover` used for interactions
- `annotation` used for markers, annotations, and the like

And they all contain the same slot props:

- `xScale` the current x scale function
- `yScale` the current y scale function
- `left` / `right` / `top` / `bottom` the padding between the edge of the plot body, in pixels
- `width` the current width of the graph, in pixels
- `height` the current height of the graph, in pixels
- `hoverValue` the current hovered value **FILL THIS IN SOMEWHERE**

These slot props allow users to mix and match Graph Paper components with custom ones / plain SVG.

The slots can be used in any way users prefer. The semantics of the slots are meant mostly to convey the order they render in.

Commit message:

@graph-paper/datagraphic: exits extents for categorical plots; cleans up mouse position logic (#98)
* adds mouseover.js to DataGraphic; cleans up extent calculations for categorical scales (in other words, it defaults back to xDomain / yDomain and categorical scales require those); adds a story as a rough test for scalePoint

* removes lint error in mouseover.js

* simplifies the rest of the mouse store logic

* changes to mousePosition

* refines mouse-position code

* renames hoverValue everywhere to mousePosition

* README.md; CHANGELOG.md

* Update CHANGELOG.md

* Update packages/datagraphic/mouse-position.js

Co-authored-by: William Lachance <wrlach@gmail.com>

* refactor to domain store initializers

Co-authored-by: William Lachance <wrlach@gmail.com>

packages/datagraphic/README.md, after:

# @graph-paper/datagraphic

_FIXME: fill out more of this doc_

The main parent component for data graphic generation.

## Props for `<DataGraphic />`

- `xType` (string, default `linear`) the type of x axis scale.
- `yType` (string, default `linear`) the type of y axis scale.
- `width` (number) the width of the graph in pixels. If omitted, the data graphic will inflate to take up the width of the parent of `DataGraphic`.
- `height` (number, default `300`) the height of the graph in pixels. If omitted, will default to 300. If passed in a value of `null`, the data graphic will inflate to take up the height of the parent of `DataGraphic`.
- `left` / `right` / `top` / `bottom` (number) the padding between the edge and the plot body, in pixels
- `xMin` / `xMax` (number) the x-axis min and max
- `xDomain` (array of two numbers) an array that contains the min and max. If omitted, will be generated from the children of `DataGraphic`. If `xMin` or `xMax` are specified, these individually take precedence over their respective values in `xDomain`.
- `yMin` / `yMax` (number, optional) the y-axis min and max
- `yDomain` (array of two numbers) an array that contains the min and max of the y axis. If omitted, will be generated from the children of `DataGraphic`. If `yMin` or `yMax` are specified, these individually take precedence over their respective values in `yDomain`.
- `mousePosition` _FILL IN_ used primarily with `bind`
- `dataGraphicMounted` _FILL IN_ used primarily with `bind`

- `border` - (boolean, default `false`) draw all the graphic borders, which delineate the plot area from the margins. Render an individual border with `leftBorder`, `rightBorder`, `topBorder`, and `bottomBorder`.
- `borderSize` - (number, default 1) the thickness of the borders. Change a side's border sizing with `leftBorderSize`, `rightBorderSize`, `topBorderSize`, and `bottomBorderSize`. Requires `border` to be `true`.
- `borderColor` - (string, default `var(--cool-gray-200)`) the color of the borders. Change a side's border color with `leftBorderColor`, `rightBorderColor`, `topBorderColor`, and `bottomBorderColor`. Requires `border` to be `true`.
- `borderOpacity` - (string, default `var(--cool-gray-200)`) the opacity of the borders. Change a side's border opacity with `leftBorderOpacity`, `rightBorderOpacity`, `topBorderOpacity`, and `bottomBorderOpacity`. Requires `border` to be `true`.

## Slots

All slots in `DataGraphic` fit within the SVG element, best utilized through `g` tags, eg `<g slot="body">...</g>`. These slots constitute the fundamental layers of a data graphic. They render in this order:

- `body-background` a background layer clipped to the graphic body
- `background` a background layer not clipped to the graphic body
- `body` the main layer, clipped to the graphic body area
- the unnamed slot
- `mouseover` used for interactions
- `annotation` used for markers, annotations, and the like

And they all contain the same slot props:

- `xScale` the current x scale function
- `yScale` the current y scale function
- `left` / `right` / `top` / `bottom` the padding between the edge of the plot body, in pixels
- `width` the current width of the graph, in pixels
- `height` the current height of the graph, in pixels
- `mousePosition` the current mouse position **FILL THIS IN SOMEWHERE**

These slot props allow users to mix and match Graph Paper components with custom ones / plain SVG.

The slots can be used in any way users prefer. The semantics of the slots are meant mostly to convey the order they render in.

## Context keys / stores

Children of `DataGraphic` have a number of contexts available to them.

**FIXME**
